hi guys Ed leak here so about a month
ago I did a video on how to export your
your AdWords data to find the best time
of day an hour of day to convert I had a
a message on Facebook from a chat called
Tony and he says thanks for the video Ed
but is there another way iing hate
spreadsheets well good news Tony there
is you can actually use your analytics
dashboard which I'm going to show you
how to do now so if you jump into your
analytics and you click on C
customization at the top and then what
we're doing here is we're creating new
custom reports so in the metric group
what we want to do is Select
sessions and then we want to add your
e-commerce conversion
rate and then in the dimensions drill
down we want to hit the hours and if we
just save that and again I'm I'm looking
at uh 3 months data here it's a good
good window of of information so here
we've got our hour of day sessions and
e-commerce converion rate so we want to
do data visualization again using the
comparison click that uh select 25 rows
of data because there's 24 hours in the
day and then go by hour cuz it's easy to
to visualize so we've got sessions
versus e-commerce conversion rate really
quick and simple and here you can see in
this example that from sort of 8: in the
morning up till 3: in the afternoon 4:
in the afternoon uh is the best time for
this store to convert and you can
clearly see that that 9: in the morning
is really strong 10 11: right through to
midday and there's a a bit of a a spike
again sort of closer to midnight and
this really quick simple way to to
visualize your your time of day you can
do exactly the same for day of week as
well so if you go back to edit to edit
this report and then if you just change
your hour to day of week name save that
again and we've got the same data here
so visualize it there we go sessions
versus conversion rate and as you can
see this store in fact really poorly
performs at the weekend for whatever
reason but there there it is you can't
lie with the data uh Tuesday is strong
Monday and Friday so there you go Tony
really quite
straightforward and no moreing
spreadsheets enjoy cheers